NameCorrector
===
> Let the whole world join, whatever names they use

NameCorrector is a plugin that makes sure people with any usernames in their MCPE settings can join. **But NameCorrector would change their names to do so.**

PocketMine uses a rule inherited from "Minecraft Server" by Mojang to force player names be a text of 3 to 16 characters of `ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789_`. Yet, some players are not aware of it. This plugin ~~helps~~ forces them to be aware of that without kicking them. It simply changes their names.

By default configuration, this plugin will:
* Replace all accent characters (they are disallowed) and other Latin-alphabet-based/alike characters into their original/similar Latin character.
* Replace other invalid characters and multibyte characters (given that the `multibyte` extension exists on your server).
* Truncate usernames longer than 16 characters into 16 characters long.
* Add padding underscores behind the username until it is 3 characters long.

You can modify these settings in `config.yml`. Read the comments inside `config.yml` generated by the plugin for more details. **Remember to let your app open config.yml with _UTF-8_** (instead of other encoding like _ANSI_)!

Public API
===
This plugin provides a public API function:

```c
public string \NameCorrector\NameCorrector::correctName(string name);
```

Example:

```php
/** @var \pocketmine\Server $server the PocketMine Server instance, often retrieved using $this->getServer() in plugin main classes */
/** @var string $old the uncorrected name */
$nameCorrector = $server->getPluginManager()->getPlugin("NameCorrector");
if($nameCorrector instanceof \NameCorrector\NameCorrector and $nameCorrector->isEnabled()){
    $new = $nameCorrector->correctName($old);
    // TODO handle success: the corrected version of $old is now stored in $new
}else{
    // TODO handle error: NameCorrector is not enabled
}
```
